exciting
Ridiculous
It is a very different way of advertising a product
If I buy the product and there is a competition of some sort I will put my name on it, If I don't buy the product no matter what the prize  I am not going to buy it, even if it is a sapphire necklace a
Don't care
This is more appealing to me as you can also win a cash prize which would allow you to spend it on whatever you wanted. 
I thought it is a good idea give me the incentive to buy that brand of cheese
I feel as though the range of brands listed suggest that at the core they would all be owned by the person, or at least all be affiliated in some way, and this indicates that a large or dominating com
I'd take the cash.
Jewelery doesnt really interest me but I can see how this would appeal to some
Winning a sapphire doesn't really attract me to buy the cheese as I don't really want a sapphire. I would love the cash though so I guess the fact that they gave you the option is a point in their favour
who would'nt want a sapphire necklace but what cost to send sms.
added bonus but would still stick to my favourite cheese for taste and value
I would prefer to win the $5000 cash, but having 50 prizes to win sounds good!
Great ia it a scam
pretty good way of trying to win #5000
Very bright and stands out
Also a good marketing idea. Less chances of winning though.
interesting
not embarassing at all like it much better
Another promotion for something I dont need/want
Eye catching
Unbelievable
doesn't interest me 
interesting
Sounds interesting and fun to enter, but probably not likely to win anything.
That would be nice. I wonder if it would be easy to sell the necklace if I won. sapphires sparkle but the cash would be a better prize.
Geez, they are really running out of ideas?!
good idea.. don't care about the sapphires but could do with $5000!
I think it's terrible. The car idea was much better. 
I would love to win!
.......
nice I supose?
The prize sounds good but having to sms or check the website to see if you've won makes it less desirable.
glad it's not only an SMS entry
I like the idea for the cash, but not so the sapphire prize.
not very appealing in the current financial climate
not interested
not well advertised, no class, looks cheap to be associated with sapphires
another gimmick
sapphires are great
interesting and very eye catching. Good idea to get the attention of the consumer.
Not everyone will want a sapphire
probably wont do it anyway
i love sapphires
Would be nice to have some sapphires
sounds good
Good - i like sapphires!
i think it will attract many women, and i actually like it
sounds quite good. I like that you can choose sapphires or cash.
sounds nice but if it cost more i probably wouldnt bother i would still by the cheaper block
cheese and sapphires? What the? - I'd rather money
Don't care about sapphire. Money is better
 amazing. You have to be in ti to win it
sapphires doesnt interest me
What would I do with a sapphire necklace?
Fun Stuff.. girly promotion
I like sapphires 
NOT RELEAVNT TO cheese
its an average promotion
YES!! sapphires or Cash... Beauty!!
What a great promotion at christmas time
Flashy.showy and unrealistic
Will it really happen
Nice if you won.
I do not like sapphires
not really interested 
A slightly more expensive and probably less appealing version of the last product idea
It seems a wonderful first prize but I yhink the chances of winning are poor
sapphires don't interest me greatly.
A little unbelievable
impossible to get the sapphire
very good idea
Would look at it shrug it off as just another marketing tool, and would not purchase the item if I did not normally.
better prize pool  lower odds of winning  attractive packaging 
Initially I think it's great - but I don't like the celebration of sapphires as the greater the demand the more likely it is to influence inappropriate trade such as blood sapphires - but I LOVE the ide
no one eva wins 
sounds nice but chances of winning are slim
Worth a go
fantastic,would love to win a sapphire
option of sapphire or cash is good.
on in a million chance - would not bother
I think alot of people would purchase the cheese to try to win
Is it true?
another promotional give away
No interest at all.  I don't know enough about sapphires to know what they are worth so wouldn't know what quality they are or what to with them if I did win.
Too good to be true
I would never get around to smsing the code away so it wouldn't benefit me
Probably it is not true! 
doesn't interest me
That would good to win
no difference
not interested the chance of winning is probably one in a million
A novel idea
Sounds great. Although I wouldn't purchase any extra blocks for a greater chance to win.
Excited I want to go and buy the product now to see if im a winner
Ok but not very practical
This an idea that I haven't seen for a while. I think it's a nice promotion. I especially like the option to have the necklace or the cash. The promotion is very generous and easy to enter.
not in favur
The thought of winning a sapphire every day is exciting and stimulating, as you know the old saying "sapphires are a girls best friend" (wink wink)
Very impressive, something different
I don't need or want sapphires and would either give away or sell the prize. As a prize it doesn't have great appeal.
Would not be interested. I do not associate a block of cheese, normally worth $3 with sapphires. 
country life mighty block helgas
Not very relevent and targets limited audience.
it sounds good
Good prize to win, easy to enter
oh it will be imaging. I will be very happy
Not impressed
Sounds very tempting
This advertising and the chance to win may encourage some shoppers to try and buy a different brand od cheese they may not do regularly
sapphires.. yes please
dream
how many carats
awesome that would be cool to win it
Wow, sure I would participate in this one.
Not much because sapphires are not as practical as money
seems fair and there may be a chance of winning
sapphire is small, not high quality
no dont like it
I believe, sms and phoning a hotline is your way of making the customer pay for the prize pool. It's a gimmick
Would love that idea
Interested because it is in the packaging not the cheese.
It is OK but I don't like having to login to a website to find out if I have won
not as interesting to me as cash
Not very pratical to win a sapphire necklace, as the average person might love to own a sapphire necklace, but would have no real chance to wear it, and it would be a waste.
I sort of don't believe it. You see all sorts of promotions that tell you to check a code and it is always a non winning code. You never get to hear who the winner is (if there is one) and the product
Interesting
ok
Nice
sapphires are a girls best friend.
I think that it is a great promotion. Nice and simple instructions. Lists what you can choose from. Lists two ways to enter code. More directed a females for the necklace, most food shoppers would be 
different
really&#65311;&#65281;&#65281;
sapphires are a girls best friend and mostly women do the shopping so this would appeal to them
As a female i would be very interested in this promotion however if i won would take the money over a sapphire. Is very appealing to consumers and simple to understand doesnt invovle much effort which 
not interested
-
Grabs attention, seems like good promotion
I dont't go for the sms promotions
This promotion is easier to understand than the previous one. 
Wouldnt bother> SMS competitions are very hard to win
a good idea for the lucky person
do not like jewellery
I may be inclined to buy a block or two
lower the price of cheese instead. Too much effort to see if you have won
its okay 
Well that would be nice to win, however its not something that would help out heaps and the chance of winning is slim, but would still temp me to buy.
It is an attractive prize and will definitely entice buyers but seems somewhat irrelevant to the product and target market.
xxxh
what if the winner is the man which doesnt like sapphire?
That is a boring promotion.
quite nice
none
That would be nice, but the money would be really good
great to win
not so great
sapphires are a girls best friend or money is equally nice
Doesn't interest me personally but i would give it away.
It's ok
THe "sapphire" is very attractive.
Too hard to win and what am I going to do with a sapphire necklace
sounds good 
This promotion may encourage me to buy the brand of cheese, I am a sucker for competitions!
I would take the cash
Not true,
This definately does not make me want to buy the product.
I still would not buy this brand of cheese.  I am happy with the cheese I buy from a local bakery and I am not very lucky winning things.
not interested
it would not make me buy that brand if it was one i did not already buy.Good if it was a brand i but
more advertising
easy competition, good to enter
I am not intersted in sapphires and necklaces
Just another promotion
Great idea to win this promotion as a sapphire is always a ladies best friend
great idea
be serious this is ridiculous, sapphires in cheese how dumb!
Its great return for all buyer because we are spent some money for buying the product. I got your favorite brand "Devondale" food and get some thing back. Very good marketing and great reward.
Ghastly
It would not sway me to buy the cheese
I love sapphires
been done before
its ok 
looks appealing i would be interested in entering this promo 
it would be nice to win a sapphire or cash.
How much would the sms cost to enter?
I would still buy the value for money grain cheese as I would think I didn't have a chance to win
you have to be lucky
YEH RIGHT! Not again, This is ridiculous as there are No sapphires to be given away.
Are the sapphires trashy?
I don't like it.
Tacky. sapphires have no association with cheese. And they vary so much in quality I can't imagine 'free' ones of being the best
It's a nice idea, but again, it is a one in a million chance to win, and i do not intend to buy a couple of hundred blocks of cheese to increase my chances. 
i would not buy the cheese just because of the competition as I would not win or even enter a sms comp.
that its a promotion to encourage you to buy the cheese
Looked tacky
i love sapphires
Pink. Love feeling and feeling warm.
I would prefer the offer of the prize money due to the majority of the populations financial situation. Anybody purchasing cheese for the promotion itself would only be doing it for the chance to win m
good but would not change the cheese I buy
ok i guess
its OK, not particuarly interested in sapphires and teh $5000 does not seem that much when compared to other promotions just viewed
that's nice
Its a way to boost up your mobile phone bill.
You will never win it
can't eat sapphires
not a great promotion
not interested in the necklace but the cash would be great
impossible to win
I think it offers the winner 2 options which is always great however I think majority of people would choose the cash over the sapphire necklace.  
looks like a good prize
i like the prize idea being your choice but i don't want to have to go online or sms to see if i've won. the instant win is always better in my opinion.
not as fun as the other two ways of finding out your a winner
I like this idea - easy to follow and complete
None
A sapphire necklace to be won
It looks like a good promotion. But again if i won i would take the cash because my family needs it more then sapphires
I never win anything :-) The chances of finding the right code is very slim and if it means dialling or smsing a 1900 no I just wouldn't. It wouldn't stop me buying the cheese, I just wouldn't have the
I would buy the cheese and enter
I want to win that!
it's ok
I like the idea of "daily" prizes being available and that it is "out" there each day for someone. Many competitions..you have to wait out until the closing date way in the future. 
Doesn't appeal to me. Wouldn't alter my choice of which cheese to purchase
I like that you have a choice of the prize not everyone would want a sapphire necklace, so they can choose the cash.
still trying to coerce me into buying the expensive cheese that I do happen to like, but still too pricey for my budget
I think it's a great idea because cheese is something people buy frequently and on a regular basis. Adds a bit of fun to buying cheese.
I don't particularly care for jewelery.
Nice idea. What woman wouldn't want to win a sapphire necklace! The cash would be useful too.
not very appealing, and the sms or get online to redeem the code is unappealing
sapphire necklace doesnt interest me
It wouldn't influence my decision on what brand I would buy. 
not my thing
Strange but it could be interesting.  
A bit different from other promotions
ok
not interested
Not interested in winning sapphires
Nonsense!
sapphires would be nice.
sapphires is a word that grabs my attention!
I do not take much interest in competitions.
Not overly interested
I don't need a sapphire necklace, I need ablock of cheese.
Stupid idea really, why not make the prize a years supply of cheese instead. what has a sapphire necklace got to do with cheese anyway?
I'm unlikely to win so this promotion wouldn't sway my decision to purchase the cheese
I don't need sapphires.
its a great way to catch peoples attention and to also boost sales. perhaps the amount/prize suggested may be a little extravagant for this type of product, but it is still a great pitch in a promotio
nice to win but cash is better
Okay
WOW!! I LOVE sapphireS.
IT WOULDN'T INFLUENCE ME TO BUY cheese
got a 1 in million chance high odds
not interested in sapphires
No thanks.
I hope there are types of blocks that I might buy. I love sapphires.
Doesn't really relate to "families" - maybe a holiday would be more appropriate (even so I would like to win a sapphire).
good
not interested in sapphires
no way
where am i gonna wear sapphires
Hard to believe
Cash is always good but as for sapphires - yes I would keep it but I am not a sapphire person - I am a plain gold person
Not appealing
i like this idea more for the money than the necklace
great prize
i dont believe the ad
I want a sapphire of course
very interesting
Exciting promotion, catches the eye, seems very extravagent and really just making the cheese cheaper would work better.
thats reduculuos.
It's okay.
Somewhat appealing.  I like the fact that you have a choice in your prize.
great; who doesn't like sapphires?
I would love to take to money
would love to win this
not interested
Would not buy a product just to enter a competition.
it's a great promotion  for this product
a bit different but still another competition/promotion.
Great but it never happen to people like me. I don't use SMS and by the time I get home, unpck the shopping I forget to log onto the computer
wow
its a great incentive, yes i would most likely purchase one of these products for my chance to win
I never win anything
The idea is simple but effective. It draws the customer in by using the chance to win money and or sapphires for the the cost price of cheese.
dosnt do much for me
Good idea, gives you a choice of prizes
sapphires are a girls best friend
Why? Whats cheese got to do with sapphires?
not interested
sapphires don't intrest me
I feel it will be like a free gift of sapphire to anyone who wins.Great offer.
Just another way to make people choose the product over something else.
if you don,t have a computer it leaves a lot of people out.
Great idea and nearly as inticing as the car.
that they are really struggling with selling their cheese
Its OK
?
I was not interested in the promotion
It really got my attention - everyone loves sapphires and you can win one every day!!!  Having to go on line to find out if you're a winner isn't as appealing.
It would likely appeal to all the mums and single ladies who buy cheese for their household! I know I would like to win the competition.
the cash sounds good
sapphires are a girls best friend
Looks okay
Not interested
